c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\obj\Debug\Dooa.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\monoandroidsplash.png
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\bin\Debug\Dooa.Droid.dll
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\bin\Debug\Dooa.Droid.pdb
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\bin\Debug\Dooa.Droid.apk
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\bin\Debug\Dooa.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\bin\Debug\Cirrious.CrossCore.dll
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\bin\Debug\Cirrious.CrossCore.Droid.dll
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\bin\Debug\Cirrious.MvvmCross.Binding.dll
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\bin\Debug\Cirrious.MvvmCross.Binding.Droid.dll
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\bin\Debug\Cirrious.MvvmCross.dll
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\bin\Debug\Cirrious.MvvmCross.Droid.dll
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\bin\Debug\Cirrious.MvvmCross.Localization.dll
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\bin\Debug\Dooa.dll
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\bin\Debug\Dooa.pdb
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\obj\Debug\Dooa.Droid.dll
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\obj\Debug\Dooa.Droid.pdb
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\Dooa.Droid.apk
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\obj\Debug\res\layout\splashscreen.xml
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\obj\Debug\res\layout\firstview.xml
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\icon.png
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values\splashstyle.xml
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values\mvxbindingattributes.xml
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\splash.png
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\mds\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\MDS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\bin\Debug\Dooa.dll.mdb
C:\Users\MDS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\splash2.png
C:\Users\MDS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\obj\Debug\Dooa.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\Users\MDS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Dooa\Dooa\Dooa.Droid\bin\Debug\Dooa.Droid.dll.mdb
